My notes on Carthage<!--more--> 

## First Impression:

Carthage doesn’t really do anything magic; You manually add dependencies to your Xcode project and Carthage fetches and ~~builds them~~, or rather Carthage downloads .framework files if these are added to github releases. Which to me makes carthage more of a Git client than a dependency manager. 

## Commands:

``carthage update --no-build`` skips downloading .framework binaries, and just downloads the source .swift files

## Using carthage:
```bash
github "Alamofire/Alamofire" == 2.0
github "SwiftyJSON/SwiftyJSON" ~> 2.3.0
```
These two lines tell Carthage that your project requires Alamofire version 2.0, and the latest version of SwiftyJSON that’s compatible with version 2.3.0.


## Dependency Versioning:

Dependency Version: This is how you tell Carthage which version of a dependency you’d like to use. There are a number of options at your disposal, depending on how specific you want to be:
1. ``==`` 1.0 means “Use exactly version 1.0”  
2. ``>=`` 1.0 means “Use version 1.0 or higher”  
3. ``~>`` 1.0 means “Use any version that’s compatible with 1.0″, essentially meaning any version up until the next major release.
4. ``== 0.0.0-alpha.3`` means get exactly this version
5. ``"branch-name"`` means use this branch-name
6. ``q4k049`` means use this commit (needs research)
If you specify ~> 1.7.5, then any version from 1.7.5 up to, but not including 2.0, is considered compatible.  
Likewise, if you specify ~> 2.0 then Carthage will use a version 2.0 or later, but less than 3.0. .
Compatibility is based on Semantic Versioning – for more information check out our tutorial on Using CocoaPods with Swift. If you don’t specify a version, then Carthage will just use the latest version that’s compatible with your other dependencies


## Flags:
The --platform iOS option ensures that frameworks are only built for iOS. If you don’t specify a platform, then by default Carthage will build frameworks for all platforms (often both Mac and iOS) supported by the library.

## Uninstalling Carthage

```bash
sudo rm -rf /Library/Frameworks/CarthageKit.framework
rm -f /usr/local/bin/carthage
```


## Installing Carthage:

Inatalling carthage 0.18.1 was a bit tricky. It worked flawlessly on my mac mini server but not so much on my macbook pro. 
After installing Carthage from the .pkg file. Terminal would not find carthage. So in order to make it work i had to hunt down the path where Carthage resided: ```` and then figure out how to make an Alias in terminal. 

1. In terminal type: ``nano .bash_profile``  
2. Then add this ``alias carthage="sudo /usr/local/bin/carthage"``  
3. ``ctrl + o``` and then ``enter`` and then ``ctrl x`` Restart terminal  
4. type carthage version in terminal and you will be promted to type in your password. 
5. That drawback is that you have to type your password every time you want to use carthage. 


## Resources:
https://www.raywenderlich.com/109330/carthage-tutorial-getting-started